we all have our favorite artists whether they paint direct write act or all of the above there are certain types of
artists that appeal to us in a way that Inspire Devotion to their every move in their chosen field you don't necessarily
have to like every move they make sometimes the artist makes a misstep a Bad album movie book whatever but it
doesn't necessarily knock them down from the pedestal you had place them on however sometimes an artist's misstep
can amount to much greater consequences than a bad review sometimes the misstep is off a cliff in recent times the
exposing of degenerate acts by prominent figures has become a frequent occurrence I can think of many high-profile celebs
within the last year that have been shown to Harbor more Sinister desires than their overly friendly face and
demeanor would lead you to believe artists are no different I'm sure the majority watching us discovered
something undesirable about their favorite painter director writer actor or musician at some point but that is
when you are led to the age-old question that must be pondered in such a scenario as this do you or do you not separate
the art from the artist I would have to assume that separating the art from the artist is
the more common approach but sometimes an artist's views and or actions for good or ill are so intwined within their
work that separating their paintings movies books or albums from themselves is impossible and nowhere is separating
the art from the Artist as impossible to do as it is with the Maris dard and particularly in it infamously disturbing
Tale the 120 days of Sodom the 120 days of Sodom is even in today's standards a
hard read but this is not because of Any intellectual grandiosity or any lack of entertainment it is purely down to the
fact that the content included within the tale is so brutal that reading it will make you feel like you're on some
watch list and who better to write such a disturbing tale than a man who spent 32 of his 74 years behind the bars of
jails and mental asylums narrowly avoided the guillotine multiple times was burnt in effigy and who was the
inspiration behind the term sadism that was the Maris dad a man who was reviled
for his actions and his art thus the tale of the 120 days of Sodom cannot be
told without the tale of sad to preface this story I could hit you with words like disturbing Sinister unsettling
frightening sadistic Etc to get a general overview of what's to come from
both the tale and his life however sometimes it is easier to let the artist speak for himself as whilst this quote
from sad may have originally been intended for 120 days it also neatly sums up the man's life as he described
120 days as the most impure tale ever written since the world
began dontine alons franois desad was born on the 2nd of June 1740 in Paris
France born into an aristocratic family related to the Royal House of Kai sad was given an immediate leg up in life
due to his family's wealth and connections to be born into a position of immense privilege would for any
normal child be nothing but an advantage however due to s's inclinations towards Hedonism and violence the immediate
power only acted to encourage sard's darker side the first sign of sad psychotic side would reveal itself early
in his life in 1744 at the age of four sard had brutally attacked a playmate of
his for reasons that are unknown due to the attack sard's father Jee Baptist
Joseph franois otherwise known as the K desad sent sad to go and live with his
uncle who tooted him until he was 10 years old despite his father's good intentions sad reportedly grew worse
under the care of his uncle as his uncle often left him to the devices of servants who had no authority to
properly discipline him ands surprisingly zad's capacity for entitlement and fits of Rage only
increased from the time spent in his uncle's care after 6 years of being tutored by his uncle sad was sent to
attend a prestigious school called the L Lou L Grand in 1750 the school proved to
be a pivotal element to sard's development as it was at the school where sad grew a love for theater
literature and flagellation sad would routinely be disciplined by teachers for his unruly conduct in classrooms as you
can imagine s's violent tendencies had not quelled one bit upon leaving his uncles and entering the school and so he
often found himself fighting students and causing General Mayhem whilst in class to combat his behavior the
teachers had attempted to deal with sad in the best way they knew how flatulation unfortunately for them they
had not extinguished a flame they had instead stoked A Fire Within sad left
school in 1754 to pursue a career in the French military which saw him participate in the Seven Years War which
took place between 1756 to 1763 when not on duty SAA spend his time
in promiscuous Pursuits as well as gambling his father the comp Dad could see his son going down a dark path and
decided to set up about finding an affluent wife for his son to help secure him financially and to prevent him from
his promiscuity s was thus married on the 17th of May 1763 within the same
year sad was discharged from the military and moved back to Paris with his new wife once again Assad's father's
attempts to help his son had proven to be useless Assad would continue to sleep with multiple women whilst married it
was in the same year as his marriage that the first of many sex scandals of sard's life would take place on the 18th
of October 17 1963 sad invited a prostitute called Jee testad to one of his properties in Paris the following
morning testad was running for the police according to testad saded locked her in his house and made her join him
in committing sexual acts on religious artifacts as well as breaking them sard threatened testad with a pistol and
sword sad was thus arrested however he was not arrested because of his abuse and imprisonment of testad no instead s
was arrested due to his Blasphemous statements and sexual conduct with the religious AR artifacts he was placed in
the chatow Deen fortunately for sad this arrest would only last until the 13th of November as he had the backing of his
mother-in-law Madame de Montiel who excused s's Blasphemous acts and apologized on his behalf sad was thus
free yet despite this brush with the law sad picked up right where he left off sad would continue to sleep with many
women of the night and he would spend the other portion of his waking days traveling around France plunging further
into debt hosting parties and engaging in scandalous behavior on the 4 of January 1767 sard's father passed away
and sad inherited the name of con thead for an unknown reason sad still preferred to be called the Marquee in
the same year on the 27th of August sard's first child was born the following year sad would once again be
embroiled in another Scandal yet this one would prove to be far more public the Scandal would infamously be coined
the rose Keller affair on the 3rd of April 1768 on Easter Sunday sad hired a
beggar on the streets of Paris to clean one of his properties the beggar was Rose Keller a widow to a baker and
herself a cotton spinner due to a lack of funds Keller had resorted to begging on the street and some allege
prostitution knowing s's less than innocent history concerning the bringing back of women to his properties it will
come as no surprise to the viewer to hear that sard's intentions with Keller far exceeded the cleaning of his house
according to Keller's police statement sad had assaulted her abused her and locked her up fortunately Kella had
managed to escape sard's house she relayed her experience to not just the authorities but the locals as well sad
was once again arrested and was placed in prison for 6 weeks once again sard's mother-in-law helped him get out due to
public backlash sad was forced to leave Paris upon being released the rose Keller affair would become the first of
many public scandals as the story was printed in newspapers all over Europe sad would thus be given a taste of the
image that would only be further reinforced for years to come the following year 1769 saw the birth of
sard's Second Son fatherhood did not come before sard's desires however as he found himself involved in yet another
public Scandal 3 years later in 1772 this one would be known as the mar
affair on the 27th of June 1772 sard and his trusty valet Lor traveled to the
city of maray on business ever the pleasure Seeker is our protagonist once the day's deals were done sad ordered
Lor to round up four prostitutes as an Ori is commonly the best way to get the field for a new city and so Lor did just
that and he found four women ranging between the ages of 18 to 23 that night the six of them engaged in a matless
game of Twister that included flagellation Blasphemous acts on religious artifacts and sodomy both
heterosexual and homosexual sard and Lor had also given the women homemade sweets that were made from a popular
aphrodesiac at the time called Spanish Fly the sweets had thus been issued to add a little more pep in the step of all
involved but unfortunately it mostly acted to make two of the women Gravely ill the entire incident was thus
reported to the police and sad and lur were charged with poisoning and sodomy two charges that gifted the two men with
a death sentence luckily for them the two men fled to Italy before being captured and effes of sad and lur were
burnt in their place despite the widespread Scandal 1772 was also the year sad started a relationship with his
sister-in-law due to this sads once loyal mother-in-law became enraged and finan sads arrest gave the authorities
details of his whereabouts and done a complete flip from devout sad supporter to Devout sad hater sad was thus
arrested on the 8th of December 1772 and was placed in the Fortress of Malone sad ever the slippery customer escaped
incarceration in 1773 and stayed in hiding at his Chateau in lacost invigorated by his freedom sad returned
to business as usual resulting in yet another public Scandal a scandal far darker than those previously as it
included the abuse of miners along with the help of sard's wife the Scandal was known as the lacost affair and included
the Abduction of one male minor and five female miners the affair took place in late 1774 to early
1775 sard and his wife had a abused the miners physically and sexually thankfully the parents of the children
filed charges against sad and by July 1775 he had fled once again to Italy sad
would returned to Lost in June of 1776 and would continue with his old ways once again sad was hiring servants with
the intention of Performing sodomy orgies and sexual abuse however sard's time of Freedom would soon come to an
end after hearing of his mother's death sad alongside his wife traveled to Paris
once he arrived he was arrested and incarcerated in Vel sad managed to escape on route to court hearings yet
was finally arrested for good in August of 1778 and by September 7th was put back in theen where he would remain for
6 years it is worth noting at this point
in this perverted tale that sad considered himself to be a literary man often in the tale of sad we are told
about his extensive writing whilst incarcerated was that is true and it's ground I will be covering shortly it is
also worth noting that between scandals s wrote copious amounts of letters short stories and travel novels which would be
published years after his death but regardless of this it seemed like an extended stint in prison forced sad to
pump all of the energy that would otherwise be used in orgies into his writing sad thus began writing as soon
as he was in jail and by July 1782 had completed dialogue between a priest and
a dying man he had written the book out in a notebook and kept it hidden in his cell sad would then begin planning his
next big novel in late February 1784 sad was transferred from ven to the basti it
was here where sad would begin writing the manuscript for the tale he had been ruminating on for 2 years sad would
feverishly pen the tail on a 12 M long scroll he began on the 22nd of October
1785 and wrote over 1, 500 words within the next 37 days when not writing the
scroll would lay tightly rolled and squeezed into a crevice in the wall of his cell through fear of having it confiscated sad would continue working
on perverse novels in his cell H up in the Bas steel until July 3rd 1789 when he was woken up in the middle of the
night and dragged from his cell leaving his writing and most importantly his scroll behind the day prior sad had been
shouting out his window at a crowd below and saying that guards were killing inmates sard's actions incited a riot
and for that he was sent to a mental asylum in sharington whilst in the Asylum sad sent letters to his wife
begging her to retrieve his writing and the scroll unfortunately by the time s's wife arrived at the Basel it had gone up
in Flames as the French Revolution had begun days before sad was distraught at the news and was said to have wept Tears
of Blood his Masterpiece had been read by nobody but himself and was now gone the 12 met scroll had perished sad would
live the rest of his life with the belief that his best work had gone down with the best
still I advise the over modest to lay my book aside at once if he would not be
scandalized for it is already clear there's not much of the chaste in our plan plan and we dare hold ourselves
answerable in advance that there will be still less in the execution and now friend reader you must prepare your
heart and your mind for the most impure tale that has ever been told since our world began a book the likes of which
are met with neither amongst the Ancients nor amongst us moderns the 120
days of Sodom is a story about four Libertines who enslave a Haram of boys and girls some of them their own
children for the purposes of physical and sexual torture the four Libertines are all Society men we have a Duke the
Duke de blang a bishop the Duke's brother referred to as the bishop of x a
judge the president deerville and a banker DEET The Libertines and their victims spend the tail locked up in a
chatau located in a black forest along with them are four prostitutes who tell stories of their careers to rile up and
Inspire The Libertines the tale is broken up into an introduction and four parts the introduction introduces us to
the four Libertines and gives us some insight into their degenerate backstory as well as their physical attributes the
first man we are introduced to is the Duke aged 50 the Duke is described as an imposing figure he is of average height
has a strong build possesses a masculine countenance and has a Charming way about him that conceals the depravity of his
true self to obtain his wealth we are told that the Duke was born into it however to obtain even more he killed
his mother so he could inherit 100% of his family's estate he had tried to get his sister to help him with the killing
and promised her an even split once the job was done however the Duke's sister didn't want to join in on the plan and so he killed her
first despite the Duke's capability for violence sad describes him as a coward who will only pick on people below him
physically financially and socially when challenged on an even playing field the
Duke always buckles the next character we are introduced to is the bishop the bishop is 5 years younger than the Duke
and is presented as an inferior version of him the bishop has a delicate Vis is shorter less intimidating and sickly the
only element in which he Rivals his older brother is his capacity for sexual violence the bishop made his money by
stealing The Inheritance he was entrusted to pass on to the two young children of a dying friend after the
brothers we are then introduced to the judge age 59 the judge is described as a lanky man with sharp features sar's most
notable character trait for the judge is his disliking of hygienic practices therefore the judge produces a great
smell from his ass an area of his body he prefers uncleaned I'll go no further
as I'd like to keep some ads on this video the judge's backstory includes the violating and killing of a young girl
and mother the father/ husband of which he had recently sentenced the death by guillotine whilst the death sentence was
playing out the judge forced the two women to watch and lastly we have the banker aged 53 the banker is a small and
fat man who regularly sleeps with the Duke from the outset he possesses an upbeat and chirpy demeanor but like the
others har is a much more Sinister side like the Duke the banker murdered his family to obtain his inheritance
following these descriptions the four prostitutes who were going to join in on the 120 days are described after the
introduction we are given the meat and potatoes of the story broken up into four parts the 120 days takes place from
November to February the plan for sad was to detail every day throughout the 4 months however due to unknown reasons
likely a lack of space on the scroll sad only managed to fully flesh out part one which is titled simple passions sad
presents this section as a journal and he describes the day-by-day debauchery with a matter of fact attachment that
adds to the horror of the content being described despite the undeniable degeneracy of what is being relayed the
first part is the tamest as the brutality of the sexual violence only increases throughout the months in part
one the four Libertines and their victims sit in four separate alcoves and are told a tale by The Prostitute Madame
duclo over the 30 days the story slowly evolves and the sexual slvi olent acts
inflicted on the victims become more extreme following du close's story The Libertines engage in a huge supper
followed by an orgy this routine more or less repeats throughout this part at the end of part one Duo finishes her tale
and is celebrated by all four Libertines for doing her job well she is invited to the last day of November's supper a very
prestigious offer The Libertines then make a promise to do clothes that she would not have to suffer the same amount of Cruelty as the others she has
promised immunity and is told she will safely be returned to Paris once the 120 days is completed following this The
Libertines have their last supper of November in which du close and the two Libertines the judge and the Duke get so
drunk that they pass on the evening's orgy the other two the banker and the bishop do not pass it up and continue to
business as usual the only fully written out section of the 120 days ends as such
everyone repaired to his bed at 2: in the morning and was thus the month of November ended thus came to a close the
first phase of this lubricious and interesting holiday for whose second part we will not keep the public waiting
if to our consideration it has kindly received what we have chronicled so far what is interesting about reading the
120 days of Sodom despite the general Intrigue regarding the content is the notes that are included in the printed
text it is important to remember that 120 days is a first draft and so it
contains a lot of continuity errors and notes for things to improve upon sad actually leaves a space after the first
part titled mistakes I have made in this section sad notes things that how he didn't like the way he allowed one of
the prostitutes to convey an emotional response when a tale was being told another note reminds him to not reveal
so many violent acts so as to keep the crescendo of debauchery at a steady Pace throughout the story lastly he notes
inconsistencies with characters for example in one of the scenes he calls a character a virgin who previously in
another scene had been in sads words depilated in every
sector when later I put the text in final order I must must be particularly careful to have a notebook beside me at
all times I'll have to put down very exact mention of each happening and each portrate as I write it otherwise I'll
get horribly confused because of the multitude of characters the last three parts the
complex passions the criminal passions and the murderous passions are written as a list of increasingly vile actions
against the victims that include sodomy scat rape and eventually death for some
reason sad never got around to fully flashing out the last three and it's likely for the best therefore reading
these sections is simply just reading an ever increasing list of [__] up actions against helpless victims to give
you an idea of what this is like dear viewer I'm going to read you an excerpt from part four the murderous passions to
help you understand why the 120 days of Sodom is the rightful owner of the claim to be the most impure tale ever written
I must warn you that the quote is graphic so feel free to skip ahead about 30 seconds if you're not in the mood or
eating or have a conscience however if you are none of them then stick around and here goes the inevitable
demonetization of this video the 14th 73 a man whose simple
taste was to flog a girl perfects it by everyday removing morels of Flesh the size of a pee from the girl's body but
her wounds are not dressed and thus she perishes over a low fire as it were dis
granges announces that she will now deal of exceedingly painful murders wherein it is the extreme cruelty which
comprises the main element more strongly than ever urge her to furnish abundant details 74 he who was fond of letting
blood daily relieves this victim of a half ounce of it continuing till she is dead Mur greet this example with hearty
Applause 75 he who was want to prick the ass with many pins every day administers
a more or less superficial gash with a P1 y the blood is stored but the wound is not treated neither does it mend and
thus is a slow death she dies a first instigator 75 quietly and slowly saws
off all four limbs one after the other the Maris de mange of whom dclo spoke in
connection with the shoe maker petan's daughter bought by the Maris from dclo and whose first Passion was to undergo 4
hours of flogging without discharging for a second passion places a little girl in the hands of a giant fellow who
holds the child by the head over a large charal brazer which burns her very slowly the victims must be
virgins despite believing he would spend the rest of his life in a mental institution
in sharington sad was released a year after his arrival in 1790 due to the
abolishment of the letters de cashet he was 50 years old sad was once again a free man but unfortunately his freedom
inspired something in his wife as she left him immediately upon his being released sad thus struck up a new
relationship with Marie constant quet an actress in her 30s who remained by sad side for the rest of his life between 7
1991 and 1793 s began publishing political works he became involved in a
revolutionary party of which he soon became a prominent member as he ascended to the position of president for a short
time in 1793 sad had also continued his erotic writing and wanted to publish some of the works that he had been
sending in pieces to his wife whilst at the Bas Still Of The Works published there were Justine published in 1791 and
Juliet published in 1797 zad also published short stories and poems that he had hoped would bring in financial
security as by now he was deeply in debt they did not the works published during
this time were very controversial though leading to s's Publishers office being raided by French authorities and many
manuscripts were destroyed sad was then arrested on orders from Napoleon sad was kept at St Peli until 1803 when he was
relocated to bit he was moved due to him sleeping with caretakers once again sad
would cause issues in the institution by riling up fellow prisoners he would once again start writing feverishly to kill
time the last piece of writing published while sad was alive was in 1813 called lakis the gr the following year sad felt
ill with a fever and due to a number of complications he died on the 2nd of December 1814 he was 74 years
old as I mentioned before sad had died with the belief that his greatest work his Masterpiece the 120 days of Sodom
had perished in the flame that engulfed the bastil in early July of 1789 unbeknownst toad when his wife had
returned to the basle to find it reduced to Rubble the scroll had not gone down with a prism but instead had already
been taken by a young man called AR no D St maximin days before the Basil's collapse the motivations behind his
taking of the scroll or how he knew of the scroll's existence will remain unknown forever however the important
thing is the scroll was saved and St maximin wasted no time in selling it to an aristocrat by the name of the mares
de nerve trans whose family held on to the scroll for over 100 years within the
100 Years of the scroll having been kept sard's other writing slowly began to pick up a small fan base the scroll
during the 1800s was still unknown however other published works of sad caught the attention of a German
psychiatrist by the name of Richard Von craft ebbing craft ebbing would be best known for his book on sexual pathologies
called psychopathia sexualis published in 1886 in the book craft debing makes
mention of sad whom he was fascinated by and even defines the term attributed to sad own name and nature
sadism sadism is experience of sexual pleasurable Sensations including orgasm
produced by acts of Cruelty bodily punishment inflicted on one's own person or when witnessed in others be they
animals or human beings it may also consist of an innate desire to humiliate hurt wound or even destroy others in
order thereby to create sexual pleasure in oneself psychopathia sexualis was was
undoubtedly a large influence on the understanding of what at the time were unusual sexual pathologies often kept
under WS it is likely that it was this book that introduced s to a German dermatologist and sexologist called Ian
block block was a researcher on sexual disease during the time and was well tuned into to the vibrant homosexual
nightlife blossoming in the late 1800s in Germany due to his profession blotch was exposed to the devastating effects
of sexual diseases on a regular basis and attributed their spread to a decline in humanity he was also a non-believer
in the idea of people having innate sexual desires and believed homosexuals to be how they are due to exterior
influences like substance abuse performing arts or masturbation it was when blch discovered sad that he began
to rewire his way of thinking asad's outwardly homosexual writings along with a series of other turning points in bl's
life led him to conclude that homosexuality was indeed not influenced by negative exterior elements his change
in his thinking had begun with numerous of sad works but it was completely 18d when he got hold of the scroll in the
year 1900 the exact details of how blch acquired the scroll are unknown however according to Joel Warner's book The
Curse of the Maris dard block was likely told of the scroll's existence by neurotica collector ponus fraxy block
had been corresponding with fraxy for years and had done so right up until Fry's death in the year 1900 It is
believed that fraxy was aware of the scroll and inspired blotch to search for it thus blotch set about tracking down
the scroll which likely according to Warner would have been brought from either a family member or family representative of the Maris the villain
nerve trans thus blotch would go on to publish the 120 days of Sodom in 1904 it
had remained unpublished for 119 years blch would hold on to the scroll until
he died on the 19th of November 1922 at the age of 50 the scroll was then given to Max harwitz the man who published all
of Block's work on sad on the 29th of January 1929 a man called Maurice Hine
purchased the scroll from Hartz for 10,000 rice marks H purchased the scroll on behalf of the NOA family who had a
family member directly related to sad that member was Marie LA henriet and in Haw who was sard's great great great
granddaughter once acquired the scroll had a profound effect on Marie who when asked what age did you become yourself
answered back 1929 the year she bought the scroll the NAA family would often hold sori parties
in their Paris Mansion during these parties Marie would show the scroll to many prominent people and read passages
aloud due to hine's work tracking down and obtaining the scroll Marie allowed him to view the scroll whenever he
pleased which led to him republishing the 120 days of Sodom between 1931 to
1935 the tale was published as a three volume critical Edition the scroll would
remain in the hands of the naai family for decades when Marie died on January 29th 1970 the scroll was passed on to
her daughter Natalie no like her mother Natalie would get the scroll out at parties and read passages aloud the
scroll would continue being paraded around the NOA family home until November 1982 when Natalie called up her
son Carlo Peron in a frenzy and told him that the scroll was missing a few months prior in September 1982 Natalie had
allowed French publisher Jean groet to borrow the scroll when groet returned the item to Natalie he had returned the
copper casing but had taken the manuscript out upon noticing its Disappearance in November Natalie called
the author ities and they immediately raided gret's house gret admitted that he had taken the scroll but that it was
now in Switzerland in the hands of a Swiss millionaire erotica collector called Gerard Nordman when Natalie's son
Peron traveled to Switzerland to explain the situation of the scroll being stolen and sold in bad faith Norman refused to
return the scroll Norman told Peron that it was his dream to have the manuscript and that he intended to hold on to it
until the day he died the NOA family filed a criminal complaint against gretes who was found guilty in 1990 he
received a 2-year suspended sentence as well as a 300,000 Frank fine unfortunately for the NOA family despite
finding gret guilty the scroll cannot be returned due to Switzerland not signing the 1970 convention on the means of
prohibiting and preventing the illicit import export and transfer of ownership of cultural property the 1970 convention
by the United Nations educational scientific and cultural organization was made to have stolen items returned to
the countries of those who had signed it thus for Norman to keep the scroll all we had to do was prove in a Swiss court
that he had bought it in good faith and on May 28th 1998 the Court ruled in
Norman's favor however Norman would never be around to see this Victory as he passed away on February 5th 1992 the
scroll would thus remain in a possession of Norman's family until 2004 when the scroll was put on public display at an
erotica exhibit at the biblioteca bod Mariana located in Switzerland the
scroll would not last long at the bibliotek of bod Mariana as as it was only a temporary donation from nbn's
family in 2017 right before the scroll was to be put up for auction France declared the 120 days of Sodom
manuscript to be a National Treasure due to this the scroll was not allowed to be put up for auction and negotiations
began for France to obtain it the scroll would remain in limbo until July 9th 2021 when the French government declared
it had acquired the manuscript it had cost $4,550 th000 and all of the money had
been donated by wealthy Investment Bank called Emanuel bad today the scroll still belongs to France and you can
check out images of it online you can see the tiny handwriting that sad had feverishly penned under Candlelight for
those 37 days of creativity you can see the perfectly aligned words the Mastery
of the glued pieces of paper and the effort that went into the work that he believed have forever perished in the
Flames that engulfed the Bas little did he know the scroll had lived an impure
life of its own